Qin Feng, do you know?
I am learning to be rich in five cars since elementary school
Considered a genius by his peers
Trained by the elders of the family as future prime ministers
But just because
Because of you
Killed my family
Make the people I love leave me
Made me an abandoned child of my family
People who used to look up to me now tell me what to do.
Call me trash
He punched and kicked me.
I am today because of you
Qin Fengcuo
You can have today
It's your fault
You are blindly arrogant
You can do whatever you think you are from a aristocratic family
Little do you know
You are nothing without a family
That's enough!
Don't think you're a Ph.D. in mechanics
Just point fingers at me
I'll tell you what.
I brought so many people here today
Just to kill you
Breeze, you will surely die today
I don't know when your arrogance will change
Do you really think my opponent is you?
What do you mean?
Still not coming out?
Could it be that the people of the Sun family
They are all rats with hidden heads and exposed tails
Hahahaha
Funny you know me
After I investigated
There is a person who specializes in black goods behind the Sun family
His name is Chen Hai.
If you guess correctly
It should be you, Chen Hai.